Docs for the 0.21 release (#2055)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/06.enterprise/logshipper.md

---
title: Log Shipper
icon: /docs/icons/admin.svg
editions: ["EE"]
version: "0.21.0"
---

Manage and distribute logs across your entire infrastructure.

> **Add Video**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="video-container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iV6JtAwtuBg?si=9BrJXbEZLXbRXQIN" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
```

## Log Shipper functionality

Log Shipper can distribute Kestra logs from across your instance to an external logging platform. Log synchronization queries logs and automatically batches them into optimal chunks. The batch process is done intelligently through defined synchronization points. Once batched, the Log Shipper delivers reliable, consistent log batches to your monitoring platform.

Log Shipper is built on top of [Kestra plugins](/plugins/), ensuring it can integrate with popular logging platforms and expand as more plugins are developed. As of Kestra version 0.21, supported observability platforms include ElasticSearch, Datadog, New Relic, Azure, Google Cloud Platform, AWS Cloudwatch, and OpenTelemetry.

## Log Shipper properties

The Log Shipper plugin has several key properties to define where the logs should be sent and how they are batched. Below is a list of the definable properties and their purpose:

> - `logExporters` - This property is required, and it specifies how the logs are exported. For example, you can specify AWS Cloudwatch credentials to use an external plugin or use Kestra's core `FileLogExporter` plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `logExporters` - This property is required, and it specifies the plaform where the logs will be exported. It support a list of entries, allowing to export logs to different plateforms at once.
```
